You may come across different cereal when interface cards as an example you may come across a week one
t or when interface card one t which allows for one serial cable.
Or you may come across a week to t which allows two serial connections using smart serial cables.
You may also come across different types of serial when network interface cards or name cards such as
a name 1 T or NUM two T or NUM 40.
Here's an example of a name to T.
There are two smart serial connections on the SIM card which you would insert in a router such as this
example.
So a two port serial name would be inserted into num slot on the router and in this example it would
provide you two serial connections so weak once again is a Wayne interface card.
A weak one t allows for a single connection and a quick to t would allow you to have two serial connections
using that single weak card.
So in this example the right on the left is using a single Wick one T and A V 35 serial cable would
be connected to the wick one t using this part of the connection and the other part of the connection
would be connected to the C issue D issue the right on the left using a wick to T.
So this part of the connection would be connected to the wick to t and this part of the connection would
be connected to the C issue DC.
This is an example once again of a V 35 cable.